despite the cold and the first thing we think
Whenever there is evidence of lentils in its heyday in baths, there is no doubt that today
I'm going to make a version
quicker to the touch of the ball and put an end to repositories bruselas gaitán in his
very practical greenhouse boom very easy here the concert
we have brussels purposes
maybe I'll show you how to use them just with a knife
you have to cut
a bit of the trunk and just remove the first leaf
once we did all this work with each of the purposes we are going to
take them to serve in abundant water gonzález which steam until they remain
stitched
and in males
on the other hand I have chopped garlic
anchovies in oil a good olive oil
and white wine
only five elements needed for our campaign just
oltra sauce type bathrooms
olive oil
chopped garlic that we are going to cook the paf then slowly
sync is twitter
on the other hand we are going to peck
Anchovy fillets
this form
even before you can not do it
and join them hanoi work that is not total I repeat again
when he starts to disarm the feet of broad masters to wet a touch the
white wine and let it boil until it goes for it comes the alcohol
lavalleja original I do not know the cream of milk according to how the senencia mount here
we rosarino we have added the cream of milk
is an element of equity very very well just a few tablespoons we invent
and we are not going to place salts even though our anchovies
salty seasoning
in the pit it has been cooked
and that the point of the cream is right
we are going to place it inside a casserole
and like the idea
in this case
a peck we go or placing it on a set around the purposes to
cooked
Thanks sticks
play and that people can dip in the same sauce
a practical option to make sense with friends
very cold then in value of a record